Add Rancher Desktop and Docker Desktop as options for managing containers and Kubernetes locally (#139)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/docs/spin-operator/support/troubleshooting.md

The following is a list of common error messages and potential troubleshooting suggestions that might assist you with your work.

## Error Validating Data: Connection Refused

When trying to run the `kubectl apply -f <URL>` command (for example installing the `cert-manager` etc.) you may encounter an error similar to the following:

```
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.14.3/cert-manager.yaml

error: error validating "https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.14.3/cert-manager.yaml": error validating data: failed to download openapi: Get "https://127.0.0.1:6443/openapi/v2?timeout=32s": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:6443: connect: connection refused; if you choose to ignore these errors, turn validation off with --validate=false
```

> This is because no cluster exists. You can create a cluster using the `k3d` [command](../prerequisites/_index.md#k3d) or install and configure a client like [Rancher Desktop](../../spin-operator/tutorials/integrating-with-rancher-desktop.md) or [Docker Desktop](../../spin-operator/tutorials/integrating-with-docker-desktop.md) to manage Kubernetes clusters on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because no cluster exists. You can create a cluster using the `k3d` [command]({{< ref "prerequisites#k3d" >}}) or install and configure a client like [Rancher Desktop]({{< ref "integrating-with-rancher-desktop" >}}) or [Docker Desktop]({{< ref "integrating-with-docker-desktop" >}}) to manage Kubernetes clusters on your behalf.
```
